This document assumes you know how to use the commandline version of cvs and have basic knowledge of linux/OS X.


Linux

Setup:
1. Checkout the "Heroes of Newerth" "src" and "linux" cvs modules
2. Install the toolchain by doing the following:
	cd linux/toolchain
	sudo ./install.sh
3. Optional: Install "scons". This should be available via your distribution's package manager. If you don't install it, the build script will use the older version in the linux cvs module.
4. From the src module do a "./build.sh update-libs" to copy over the libs to the "Heroes of Newerth" module from the toolchain.

Building:
1. Set the desired settings in k2_settings.h
2. I've been handling build_number.h by hand so just create it and fill in the number.
3. Build by doing the following from the src directory (add a -jX with X set to the number of parallel jobs if you want it to use more than the default 2):
	./build.sh all-release
4. Archive the debug symbols & source by doing the following:
	./build.sh archive

Updating:
1. Generate the new texture archives using the Windows client and copy them over.
2. From the "Heroes of Newerth" module do the following to generate the update:
	./hon.sh -dedicated -execute \""GenerateUpdate; Quit"\"
3. From the "Heroes of Newerth" module do the following to upload the update:
	./hon.sh -dedicated -execute \""UploadUpdate server username password; Quit"\"
2/3b. Alternatively, run the client and do the GenerateUpdate/UploadUpdate from the console.



Mac OS X

Setup:
1. Install XCode 3 from developer.apple.com
2. Checkout the "Heroes of Newerth" "src" and "lib" cvs modules

Building:
1. Open the XCode project file, HoN.xcodeproj
2. Set the desired settings in k2_settings.h
3. I've been handling build_number.h by hand so just create it and fill in the number.
4. Build by right clicking "client" in the targets and selecting 'Build "client"'
5. Archive the debug symbols & source by right clicking "archive" in the targets and selecting 'Build "archive"'

Updating:
1. Generate the new texture archives using the Windows client and copy them over.
2. Run the client and do the GenerateUpdate/UploadUpdate from the console.
